Whiff-network is a decentralised marketable POW-only cryptocurrency on X16s algorithm

The source code is built on open source software and will be updated regulary by "Whiff-dev"

Whiff decided, not to offer a POS or MN system.

The reason:

Crypto had a hard year in 2018 and almost all prices fell hardly.

According to the high difficulty that big coins like BTC and ETH have these days, mining has become very unprofitable,

even for those, who own a big mining rig and have lots of asics or GPUS running.

So, basically, whiff wants to offer you a new, profitable mining opportunity.

Whiff is not only for those, who have expensive high-end hardware, but also for those, who have only one, or a few

GPUs/CPUs 

Whiff is for everyone and you do no even need a PC to be a part of our network.

You can join us on discord, where giveaways and airdrops take place.

WFF-Discord has a tip-bot included, which allows you, to store your coins on an external server and send, recieve or hold them,

without installing one of our core-wallets.

There might also be some good mining apps for X16s in the near future ( there are some at the moment but they dont seem to be that good ).

I expect, it will be possible to mine and store whiff on a mobilephone soon.


Where does whiff come from ?

Whiff is made in germany

The whiff-dev lives in Bavaria


How big is the Whiff premine? Is whiff commerical?

Whiff has a very low premine ( 475k / 1 billion coins )

The premine is meant, to be used for listings airdrops, giveaways etc.

I promise, not to sell at least 90% of the total premine on exchange until the end of 2019.

I expect, that at least 25% of the premine will be required, to bring whiff on it's first exchange.

So, as you see, the Whiff-dev (I) won't make fast profit with whiff. Good project = Money / Bad project = no money .
Whiff will do good, i am sure about that, so i set my hopes on long term. ( Every coin-team should do that in general )


Whiff-network is more than just a coin, 

I founded whiff, to give people a taste of, what crypto has been before 2018 and what i expect crypto to be in the future.

WFF means connecting the best of past and future to me.

What about the Dev? 

- 5 years crypto experience 

- young adult

- I live in germany, bavaria.

- I work on whiff full-time for now. ( it is possible that this changes over time )

- WFF is not my first project, but the first one, that i really want to work on for a long time.

Launch date of WFF: 07/09/2018

Creation of this file: 15/09/2018

Last updated: 15/09/2018
